Issue templates (#1031)
httpie/httpie: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report

> about: Report a HTTPie bug

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Report an HTTPie bug
```

Author: Good shout. Common British <> American English mixup:)

title: ''
labels: "new, bug"
assignees: ''

---

**Checklist**

> - [ ] Bug can be reproduced

Reviewer: I think 'Bug' over and over again is too droning&mdash;here's my suggestion:
```suggestion
- [ ] Reproducible
```

Author: @bl-ue `Issue is reproducible`?

> - [ ] Bug hasn't been reported before

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I've searched the issues and found nothing
```

> - [ ] Bug is in the latest version of HTTPie

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I'm using the the latest version of HTTPie
```

Author: 👍🏻

___

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is

**To reproduce**
Steps to reproduce:
1.
2.
3.

**Expected behavior**
Tell us what should happen

**Current behavior**
Tell us what happens instead

**Debug output and/or screenshots**

> It's important that you provide the full command argument list as well as the output of the failing command. Use the `--debug` flag, then copy and paste both the command and its output here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please provide the full command argument list as well as the output of the failing command. Run `http` with the `--debug` flag, then copy and paste both the command and its output here.
```

Author: 👍🏻
